Add hardware labels information (#22)
rancher/elemental-docs: docs/hardwarelabels.md

---
sidebar_label: Hardware Labels
title: ''
---

> 

Reviewer: Missing title... maybe something like:
```suggestion
## Hardware Labels
```

> By default, the registration of the node will result in the inventory of that node containing some default labels that store data

Reviewer: Maybe we could add a link to the MachineInventory too, something like:
```suggestion
By default, the registration of the node will result in the [inventory](inventory-management.md#machineinventory) of that node containing some default labels that store data
```

> relative to the node hardware for easy identification and selection via a [MachineSelector](machineinventoryselectortemplate-reference.md)

Reviewer: Nit: missing full stop at the end of sentence
```suggestion
relative to the node hardware for easy identification and selection via a [MachineSelector](machineinventoryselectortemplate-reference.md).
```

> By default, the registration of the node will result in the [inventory](inventory-management.md#machineinventory) of that node containing some default labels that store data
> relative to the node hardware for easy identification and selection via a [MachineSelector](machineinventoryselectortemplate-reference.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a node is registered, the data is stored in the [inventory](inventory-management.md#machineinventory) with default labels and values relative to the node hardware.

This data is used for easy identification and selection via a [MachineSelector](machineinventoryselectortemplate-reference.md).
```
